Updated ReadMe (#17076)
angular/angular.js: README.md

=========

AngularJS lets you write client-side web applications as if you had a smarter browser.  It lets you

> use good old HTML or HAML, Jade/Pug and friends! as your template languages and lets you extend there

Reviewer: I think that you can only use 1 template language at a time?

> use good old HTML or HAML, Jade/Pug and friends! as your template languages and lets you extend there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use good old HTML or HAML, Jade/Pug and friends! as your template language and lets you extend their
```
